IBX-2946: File management revision (#1643)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/guide/file_management/binary_media_download.md

# Binary and Media download

Unlike image files, you can restrict files stored in BinaryFile or Media to certain user roles.
As such, they are not publicly downloadable from disk, and are instead served by Symfony, using a custom route that runs the necessary checks. This route is automatically generated as the `url` property for those Field values.

> ## The `content/download` route

Reviewer: Please refer to download route name instead of any specific path pattern.

You have to create create a route using download route name.

It also accepts optional query parameters:

> - `version`: the version number that the file must be downloaded for. Requires the `content / read` permission for published Version and additionally `content / versionread` permission for not published Version. If not specified, uses the published version.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `version`: The content version number that the file is downloaded for. Requires the `content / read` permission for a published version and additionally `content / versionread` permission for an unpublished version. If not specified, uses the published version.
```

> - `inLanguage`: The language the file should be downloaded in. If not specified, the most prioritized language for the SiteAccess will be used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `inLanguage`: The language the file should be downloaded in. If not specified, the most prioritized language for the SiteAccess is used.
```

> The [ibexa\_render\_field](../content_rendering/twig_function_reference/field_twig_functions.md#ibexa_render_field) Twig helper will by default generate a working link.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [`ibexa_render`_field`](../content_rendering/twig_function_reference/field_twig_functions.md#ibexa_render_field) Twig helper by default generates a working link.
```

## Download link generation

To generate a direct download link for the `File` Field Type you have to create

> a Route Reference with the `ibexa_route` helper, passing `content` and `File` Field identifier as parameters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
a RouteReference with the `ibexa_route` helper, passing `content` and `File` Field identifier as parameters.
```
worth linking to https://doc.ibexa.co/en/master/guide/content_rendering/urls_and_routes/#routereference

---

> description: Create route to to enable binary and media files download.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
description: Create route to enable binary and media files download.
```
